hello guys when I lived in Norway oh my
god such a beautiful sentence to say
when I lived in Norway I don't live in
Norway anymore so what I was going to
say when I lived in Norway I never
ordered anything online because it costs
a fortune to ship the stuff from America
to Norway so I've gotten really into
ordering stuff when I moved here so I
have a package from Suey's I'm really
into small actually very small bag so
this is just a pretty nice little purse
that I just had to get because it's
small and nice and I wanted one small a
nice little purse and more I got wisely
okay see here I really love glamour
kilts that's a really good brand I love
it so much it's really cool this is big
like I got large because my eye so like
my shoulders I'm really wide so the
teachers go to like up here to me so
pretty
anyway he said way to row 1 it's boombox
whatever called something like that it's
really nice
also I got an F to her this was pretty
cool I like it yeah I reload enough
Brandon it's cool and it's like a hot
color and here is my glamour kills
boobie bracelet I'm really into like
supporting good casas even though I
don't get to do a lot because I don't
know how much money and working for
Disney doesn't really pay a lot so I
can't do it as much as I want to I was
at Walgreens two seconds ago I supported
I diss Oscars things through the
American Red Cross but I only gave one
dollar because I didn't have a few
dollars I'm like cut
I'm broke because it's payday tomorrow
when I spend all my money on clothes
obviously so yeah there's got to Paris
Schwarz I guess they look really they
just look really good
and I'm gonna do American sizes so I
don't know if this will fit
it's exciting 9 it said that I would be
medium so I hope it's my size
it looks like my size looks like the
shorts wearing right now and I really
love the bright denim coloured I also
love the dark anymore so I got the dark
one as well I'd lived in him there and
oh my computer it'll be nice right
what Oh sunglasses I was like did I
order a headband because it look like a
handbag but it was in the bag they're
cool
oh my god a little deaf thing it's a
sticker I'm probably not going to remove
it okay please tell me they fit oh
they're a little tight my head thing I
broke my sunglasses
I bought sunglasses at Hot Topic I
thought they would be like a little good
quality but then broke so easily
well these are really cool I really love
these I really knew I would just love
them okay now there's a lot of things
right here for the bags so that's it I'm
gonna go see you guys in my next video
thanks for watching bye